Online DPO and Online trainer refactor (#1809)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/online_dpo_trainer.md

    --save_strategy no \
    --non_eos_penalty \
    --stop_token eos \
    --beta 0.1 \
    --response_length 53 \
    --push_to_hub

# 6.9B PPO experiment
accelerate launch --config_file examples/accelerate_configs/deepspeed_zero3.yaml \
    examples/scripts/online_dpo.py \
    --dataset_name trl-internal-testing/tldr-preference-sft-trl-style \
    --learning_rate 3e-6 \
    --output_dir models/minimal/online_dpo_tldr_6.9b \
    --per_device_train_batch_size 4 \
    --gradient_accumulation_steps 16 \
    --local_rollout_forward_batch_size 8 \
    --num_ppo_epochs 1 \
    --num_mini_batches 1 \
    --total_episodes 1000000 \
    --model_name_or_path EleutherAI/pythia-6.9b-deduped \
    --sft_model_path cleanrl/EleutherAI_pythia-6.9b-deduped__sft__tldr \
    --reward_model_path cleanrl/EleutherAI_pythia-6.9b-deduped__reward__tldr \
    --save_strategy no \
    --non_eos_penalty \
    --stop_token eos \
    --beta 0.1 \
    --response_length 53 \
    --push_to_hub
```

1B experiment can be found here:

- [🤗 Model checkpoint](https://huggingface.co/vwxyzjn/ppo_tldr)
- [🐝 Tracked experiment](https://wandb.ai/huggingface/trl/runs/dd2o3g35)

> To evaluate, we use vLLM to load the checkpoints and GPT3.5 as a judge model to evaluate the generated TL;DR against the reference TL;DR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate, we use vLLM to load the checkpoints and GPT4 as a judge model to evaluate the generated TL;DR against the reference TL;DR.
```
